---
title: v0.8.0
weight: 12
---

Sync optimize and stdlib refactor. 

<!--more-->

1. [cli] Add get_epoch_uncles_by_number cmd. (#1677)
2. [cli] explain move error code even if there is no location (#1669)
3. [functional-tests]Implement split_fixed_key & split_linear_key (#1667)
4. [stest & join handler] Fix ThreadJoinHandler detect thread panic and return the correct error. (#1655)
5. [metrics] Add more metrics in db, vm, block-relay,network  (#1656)
6. [block-relayer] Query txn in txpool without load all (#1656)
7. [vm] upgrade vm to the latest revision  (#1653)
8. [stdlib] Add PackageTxnManager Spec. (#1647)
9. [vm] Check strategy when upgrade module. (#1644)
10. [network] Add some command to manage network and change network init config (#1643)
11. [cli] Show more details of txpool status (#1636)
12. [stdlib] Modify error_code for voted to others already (#1642)
13. [script] Implement mint token script (#1640)
14. [network-rpc] Change the params of network rpc apis from usize to u64 (#1641)
15. [cli] Add command to show tps for given epoch (#1617)
16. [kube]: Use pv storage (#1635)
17. [script] Add update_module_upgrade_strategy script. (#1631)
18. [network] Optimize network and block-relay event process logic (#1630)
19. [cli] Fix console error sometimes (#1632)
20. [service-registry] Optimize service status check and report, add a service status check cmd and api (#1626)
21. [stdlib]Refactor dao (#1621)
22. [cleanup] Cleanup startup info's field. (#1618)
23. [stdlib] Update dao time unit to milliseconds (#1619)
24. [consensus ]Change nonce u64 to u32
25. [consensus] change mining_hash from hashvalue to vec mining_blob
26. [consensus] Refactor solver trait for support dynamic link
27. [stdlib & cmd] Stdlib Version (#1603)
28. [miner] Merge headblock pacemaker with ondemand pacemaker. (#1613)
29. [sync] Refactor SyncStatus, remove judgement about is_nearly_synced. (#1613)
30. [sync] Add a way to reuse blocks that have already been fetched in a previous sync task. (#1613)
31. [stress test] fix tx-factory crash when account_num is less than TXN_LIMIT (#1612)
32. [cmd] fix format table result for vec types (#1605)
33. [sync] Finished new sync service and refactor WriteChainService. (#1596)
34. [stress-test] improve the method to set expiration time (#1598)
35. [stream-task] Implement stream-task
36. [bugfix]Fix bug for submit txn failed since SEQUENCE_NUMBER_TOO_OLD (#1590)
37. [accumulator] Fix accumulator get_leaves return order and append result. (#1581)
38. [deploy] update docker build auth config (#1587)
39. unify binary serde-json to hex string with 0x (#1579)
